#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#

addict==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
albumentations==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
anyio==3.4.0
    # via starlette
apted==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via uvicorn
attrs==21.2.0
    # via pytest
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via bs4
bs4==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.8
    # via requests
click==8.0.3
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   pip-tools
    #   sacremoses
    #   uvicorn
coverage[toml]==6.2
    # via pytest-cov
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   mmlvis
cython==0.29.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mmlvis
distance==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
editdistance==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.70.0
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.4.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.28.3
    # via matplotlib
future==0.18.2
    # via torch
h11==0.12.0
    # via uvicorn
huggingface-hub==0.2.1
    # via transformers
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
imagecorruptions==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
imageio==2.13.1
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   scikit-image
imgaug==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   scikit-learn
jsonlines==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   mmlvis
levenshtein==0.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
lmdb==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==4.6.4
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imgaug
    #   mmlvis
mmlvis==10.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
networkx==2.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-image
nltk==3.6.5
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.21.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   albumentations
    #   imagecorruptions
    #   imageio
    #   imgaug
    #   matplotlib
    #   mmlvis
    #   onnx
    #   opencv-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   pywavelets
    #   qudida
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seqeval
    #   sharedarray
    #   tifffile
    #   torch
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
onnx==1.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
opencv-python==4.5.4.60
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imagecorruptions
    #   mmlvis
opencv-python-headless==4.5.4.60
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   imgaug
    #   qudida
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytest
    #   scikit-image
    #   setuptools-scm
    #   transformers
pep517==0.12.0
    # via pip-tools
pillow==8.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imagecorruptions
    #   imageio
    #   imgaug
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
pip-tools==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
polygon3==3.0.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
prettytable==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
protobuf==3.19.1
    # via onnx
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pyclipper==1.3.0.post2
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic==1.8.2
    # via fastapi
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   mmlvis
    #   packaging
pytest==6.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-runner==5.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   mmlvis
python-multipart==0.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pywavelets==1.2.0
    # via scikit-image
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
qudida==0.0.4
    # via albumentations
rapidfuzz==1.8.3
    # via levenshtein
regex==2021.11.10
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
sacremoses==0.0.46
    # via transformers
scikit-image==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   albumentations
    #   imagecorruptions
    #   imgaug
scikit-learn==1.0.1
    # via
    #   qudida
    #   seqeval
    #   sklearn
scipy==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   albumentations
    #   imagecorruptions
    #   imgaug
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
seqeval==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
setuptools-scm==6.3.2
    # via matplotlib
shapely==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imgaug
sharedarray==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imgaug
    #   mmlvis
    #   onnx
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-multipart
    #   sacremoses
sklearn==0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
starlette==0.16.0
    # via fastapi
terminaltables==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
threadpoolctl==3.0.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2021.11.2
    # via scikit-image
tokenizers==0.10.3
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via pytest
tomli==1.2.2
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pep517
    #   setuptools-scm
torch==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
transformers==4.12.5
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.0.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   onnx
    #   pydantic
    #   qudida
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prettytable
wheel==0.37.0
    # via pip-tools
yapf==0.31.0
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
